refactor: change organisation of the integration tests (#607)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/contributing/tests-structure.md

# Integration tests structure in `fuels-rs`

> The integration tests of `fuels-rs` cover almost all aspects of the SDK and have grown significantly as more functionality is added. To make the test more manageable, they were split into several `modules` together with the corresponding `Sway` projects. The modules are defined in the `packages/fuels/test/harness.rs` file and currently have the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration tests of `fuels-rs` cover almost all aspects of the SDK and have grown significantly as more functionality were added. To make the test more manageable, they were split into several `modules` together with the corresponding `Sway` projects. The modules are defined in the `packages/fuels/test/harness.rs` file and currently have the following structure:
```

Reviewer 2: as more functionality **was** added.

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../packages/fuels/tests/harness.rs:test_modules}}
```

> Even though adding new test modules is subjective, please consider these guidelines when adding new ones:
>  - Add a new module when creating a new section in the `Fuels Rust SDK` book - e.g. `Types`
>  - Add a new module if there are more than 3 test and more than 100 lines of code and they form a group of tests - e.g. `mod storage`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though test organization is subjective, please consider these guidelines before adding a new category (`module`):
 - Add a new module when creating a new section in the `Fuels Rust SDK` book - e.g. `Types`
 - Add a new module if there are more than 3 test and more than 100 lines of code and they form a group of tests - e.g. `mod storage`
 
 Otherwise, we recommend putting the integration test inside the existing modules above. 
```
